
Iran is constructing in a nuclear facility near Palmyra at DU63
with 2 nuclear reactors. 

BLUEFOR must perform a precision deep strike at those 2 reactors and
completely destroy them. 
In addition, we may have to destroy the following AA units that are 
in front of the target and protecting it, since there is no other way
around them. The AA Targets are:
 - SA-6 site - destroy its tracking radar: Kub STR 9S91
 - SA-15 Tor 9A331
 - SA-8 Osa 9A33

BLUEFOR intelligence has found a path to the target, along which enemy 
air defences are not capable of discovering us.

We shall do a STEALTHY deep penetration into enemy air space by flying
very low, below 500 feet AGL and staying on course as defined by
our given waypoints.

In specific we shall:
 1. Take-off from Ramat David AFB

 2. Join above Sea of Galilee and fly low just before exiting
    Isreali borders. 

 3. Fly through the enemy air space in our given path and below
    500 feet AGL. Any constraint violation while inside the IN path
    will result in mission failure.

 4. We can prepare for strike and increase altitude when we exiting
    the AGL restriction zone - marked by BULLSEYE and Waypoint 8,
    west of Palmyra town. Nevertheless, fly as low as possible.

 5. SEAD flight must eliminate SA-6, SA-15 and SA-8 threats before 
    our forces continue to strike the reactor.

 6. We will enter restricted airspace above the nuclear reactor to
    perform the strike. As soon as we entered that airspace, we
    will have 3 - 10 minutes window before red forces are mobilized
    and alert.

 7. We shall destroy *BOTH* reactors and get out as fast as possible
    all the way back - waypoints in reverse order. 
    NOTE: Make sure that you keep a reasonable distance from target
    area when the reactors get hit, since we don't know what kind
    of materials are stored there and can result to a large blast.

 8. Be very alert since on the way back, RED forces will be on alert
    and we may engange interceptors or Air Defence units on the way.
 9. Enter Isreali border and land at Ramat David under our Air Defence
    cover. Politics and diplomacy shall do the rest.

 - DO NOT EVER attack a neutral / civilian airplane or ground unit. NEVER.
 - DO NOT ENGAGE any unit on the way in and before target zone.
 - DO NOT VIOLATE the AGL threshold (500 feet AGL) in the way in,
   outside of israeli borders and before BULLSEYE.
   (depicted by the white circle in Mission Planner)
 - DO NOT DEVIATE from the course and enter dangerous Air Defence zones.
   (depicted by the red circles in Mission Planner.)
 


SKYKING is with us, observing the mission status and will be helping us
during the mission be informing us of any AGL threshold violation or
course deviation.
